Data for the App

You will store the data in MongoDB in a collection named exercises. Each document in the collection must have the following properties (i.e., all properties are required):
| Property | Data Type | Comments                                                                   |
|----------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| name     | string    | The name of the exercise                                                   |
| reps     | number    | The number of times the exercise was performed                             |
| weight   | number    | The weight of the weights used for the exercise                            |
| unit     | string    | The unit of measurement if the weight. Only values allowed are kgs and lbs |
| date     | string    | The date the exercise was performed. Specified as MM-DD-YY, e.g., 07-30-21 |


REST API Web Service

You must implement a REST API that supports CRUD operations by implementing the following 4 endpoints:
1. Create using POST /exercises

    Request
        The request body will be a JSON object with all the 5 properties listed in the data model.
        The date property will be in the format MM-DD-YY, e.g., 06-24-21.
        You can assume that all the properties are valid.
        The POST request will have no path parameters.
    Response
        A JSON object with all the properties of the document including the unique ID value generated by MongoDB.
        The content-type of the response must be set to application/json.
        The status code must be 201.

2. Read using GET /exercises

    Request
        No request body and no path parameters.
    Response
        A JSON array containing the entire collection.
        Each document in the collection must be a JSON object with all the properties of the document including the ID.
        The content-type of the response must be set to application/json.
        The status code must be 200.

3. Update using PUT /exercises/:id

    Request
        The request body will be a JSON object with all the 5 properties listed in the data model.
        The date property will be in the format MM-DD-YY, e.g., 06-24-21.
        You can assume that all the properties are valid.
        The path parameter will contain the ID of a document. You can assume that a document exists with this ID.
    Response
        A JSON object with all the properties of the updated document including the ID.
        The content-type of the response must be set to application/json.
        The status code must be 200.

4. DELETE using DELETE /exercises/:id

    Request
        The path parameter will contain the ID of the document. You can assume that a document exists with this ID.
        The DELETE request will not have a body.
    Response
        The status code must be 204.

Notes on the REST API

    You can assume that the requests will have valid data.
    In case of any error, the response status code must be 500 and the response body must have a JSON object with information about the error. This information can simply be the exception in the code that caused the error.

React UI

Note: Your React components must be function-based. You are not allowed to define class-based components.

The UI must have the following 3 pages:

    Home Page.
    Edit Exercise Page.
    Create Exercise Page.

Home Page

    This page is rendered when the app starts up.
    The page must display the data for all the exercises stored in MongoDB.
    The page must get the data by calling the endpoint GET /exercises in the REST API.
    The data must be displayed in an HTML table.
    Each row must display the 5 properties listed in the data model. The ID value must not be displayed.
    In addition to the data, each row must include 2 icons from the React Icons library 

    Links to an external site., one to support deleting the row and the other for updating the row.
        You can choose any suitable icon from the library that clearly indicates the correct use of clicking on it.
        Clicking on the delete icon must immediately delete the row by calling the endpoint DELETE /exercises/:id in the REST API.
        Clicking on the edit icon must take the user to the Edit Exercise Page.
    You must implement a React component for the table and another for the row. You can implement as many React components beyond these two as you want, e.g., the row itself may contain other React components.
    This page must include a way for the user to go to the Create Exercise Page.
        It is your choice how you present this functionality as long as it is clear how the user can go to that page.
        For example, you can provide a link or an icon with informational text.

Edit Exercise Page

    This page will allow the user to edit the specific exercise for which the user clicked the edit icon.
    The controls to edit the exercise must be pre-populated with the existing data for that row.
    You must provide a button that:
        Saves the updated exercise by calling the endpoint PUT /exercises/:id in the REST API,
        Shows an alert to the user with a message about the update being successful, and
        Automatically takes the user back to the Home page.

Create Exercise Page

    This page will allow the user to add a new exercise to the database.
    You must provide input controls for the user to enter the 5 required properties.
    You must provide a button that:
        Saves this new exercise by calling the endpoint POST /exercises in the REST API,
        Shows an alert to the user with a message about the creation being successful, and
        Automatically takes the user back to the Home page.
